Document AbstractFormFieldDecorator (#218)
WoltLab/docs.woltlab.com: docs/php/api/form_builder/form_fields.md

The default step for form fields with integer values is `1`.
Otherwise, the default step is `any`.

### `AbstractFormFieldDecorator`

> `AbstractFormFieldDecorator` is a default implementation of a decorator for form fields that forwards calls to all methods defined in `IFormField` to the respectie method of the decorated object.

Author: ```suggestion
`AbstractFormFieldDecorator` is a default implementation of a decorator for form fields that forwards calls to all methods defined in `IFormField` to the respective method of the decorated object.
```

The class implements `IFormfield`.

> If the implementation of the more specific interfaces is required then the remaining methods must be implemented in the concrete decorator derived from `AbstractFormFieldDecorator` and the type of the `$field` property must be narrowed appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the implementation of a more specific interface is required then the remaining methods must be implemented in the concrete decorator derived from `AbstractFormFieldDecorator` and the type of the `$field` property must be narrowed appropriately.
```
